Handle 429 Retry-After header (#110)
wojtekmach/req: CHANGELOG.md

  * `follow_redirects`: Don't send auth headers on redirect to different scheme/host/port
    unless `location_trusted: true` is set

>   * `retry`: The `:retry` option handles the `Retry-After` response header on HTTP 429 responses 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `retry`: The `Retry-After` response header on HTTP 429 responses is now respected
```
